Document Serverless GET / version reporting behavior (#5874)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/_snippets/serverless-version-reporting.md

> Serverless is versionless and continuously updated. The `GET /` root API always reports the next target Elasticsearch release version at the time of the request. This value exists for client compatibility only and does not indicate which features are available in your project. Use `build_flavor: serverless` to confirm you are working with a Serverless project rather than relying on the version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{serverless-short}} is versionless and continuously updated. The `GET /` root API always reports the next target {{es}} release version at the time of the request. This value exists for client compatibility only and does not indicate which features are available in your project. Use `build_flavor: serverless` to confirm you are working with a Serverless project rather than relying on the version number.
```
Or maybe the attributes don't work in snippets? Anyway, just a suggestion. :-)
